---
published: false
---
## SXSW Interactive 2017: AI, Product Design and Future Trends

I was lucky to attend South by Southwest 2017 thanks to [The Cocktail](https://the-cocktail.com "The cocktail website") (my current employer), a digital products consultancy in Spain. I had an idea that it was a big thing, but no idea how many people attended and the vision of the future that it would give me. So here is a summary of what I learned and the main topics from the sessions I attended, seen form a UX Designer perspective.

**Artificial Inteligence**
The main subject of the event was AI, around 60% of the sessions were about AI or had some direct relation with it. What I learned:

- It's not about tech, Its aobut the story
The guys at Disney talked about how they embraced Artificial Inteligence, but the say is at the service of the story, and it should be invisible, it's success measured by the greatness of the story. This resonates with me, AI seen as a tool should be used only when it makes sense.

- The hard part is conversation management
Natural language processing has come a long way, but is still struggling with handling conversations. Conversation Analisis as discipline is key to get the UX right in our digital products that have Artificial Intelligence at their core. Applying the principles of conversation design: Recepient Design, Minimasation, Repair.

- Skills, Skills, Skills.

**Product Desing**
Designing for humans and robots
Data is the new black
You have to tell a good story

**Trends**
Move faster...in the right direction
A new - agumented - reality
It's all about the benjamins










